[rain pattering]
[music playing]
‐ [music stops]
‐ [gunshot]
‐ That’s better.
He was on my nerves.
[rain pattering]
REIN: Yes,
I understand.
But are
you sure about this?
I thought you were
against Ryuji’s plan.
KANAME: We got here too late.
No, I took too long
to make a decision.
Once again, I caused
a friend to be killed.
[Rein sighs]
‐ Back me up, you guys.
I’m about to have to use
that privilege I got.
‐ What happened to Shinozuka
was terrible,
but it wasn’t your fault.
Please, don’t blame yourself.
‐ That’s easier said
than done, Rein.
‐ Why are we standing around?!
‐ Let’s waste these gu‐‐
‐ [gunshot]
KANAME: Sorry.
I thought I gave you plenty
of reason to shoot me before,
but I guess not.
Honestly...
my mind wasn’t made up
to kill you until a second ago.
I’d convinced myself the only
reason you guys were murderers
was because you’re in D‐Game.
D‐Game forces us
to slaughter each other.
Players do anything it takes
to survive.
Until now,
if anyone outside the game
had given me crap
over what I did,
I’d have been ticked off.
Then I realized
that for you guys,
it wouldn’t have mattered
if we were in a game or not.
Yep. I was thinking
about it all wrong.
Because, when you
get down to it,
there really is no "inside"
or "outside" D‐Game.
Oh, right.
I have to set it to Clan Battle.
It’s funny.
I feel like I’ve come so far
since I started playing,
but this is my first time
initiating a fight.
RYUJI: Are you ready to do this?
‐ Yeah. I’ve been so naive.
These punks aren’t human at all.
They’re trash, and somebody’s
gonna have to take them out.
You’ll help me do that,
won’t you?
‐ Don’t have to
ask me twice, Bossman.
‐ [cell phone warbles]
‐ A Clan Battle, then.
Let’s finish this.
‐ [gasps] Why are you fools
still standing there,
gawking at him?
Fill them full of lead!
‐ Uh, ye‐‐
‐ [gunshots]
[bodies thud]
RYUJI: You could at least
leave some for me.
‐ Sorry. They went down a lot
easier than I expected them to.
They’re like babies
compared to Xuelan and Danjo.
‐ Damn! That’s it, kid!
I’m about to break you
like the pitiful toy you are!
Just die, already!
‐ You always stick
to that same pattern.
‐ [gags]
What is this thing?
‐ Shuka, take over.
‐ Sure. I’ve got this.
Do you want to come
my way, big guy?
Never mind.
You don’t get a choice!
‐ [groans] You bitch!
Go to hell!
[rock music playing]
‐ Aw, Kaname wasn’t kidding.
You really are
a one‐trick pony, huh?
Come on, boy.
Let’s go for a walk!
I wanted to kill all of you.
But I don’t even think
that would be enough
to satisfy me now.
[chains clink]
I’ll slice you up so thin,
you’ll look like sashimi!
‐ No, thanks.
That sounds kinda gruesome.
‐ You sure talk a big game
for somebody
who’s always running away!
‐ [grunts]
[grunts]
Is that all you got?
I barely felt it!
‐ Surround them!
It’s just two of them
against us!
There’s no way they can
overpower the Eighth Clan!
[Ryuji sighs]
They’ve got us cornered.
Go hide.
You don’t have bulletproof gear!
‐ It’s fine.
I’ll attack them from the front.
You handle the rest.
‐ Huh?
[blade whistles]
[gunshots]
[rock music playing]
RYUJI: He’s friggin’ crazy.
Guess he did catch ’em
off guard, though.
Hey, guys, hope you’re
hungry for some bullets,
’cause I got loads of ’em!
‐ The hell?
What is with this guy?
We came in here with 10 people!
It’s not like
he’s super fast or anything.
And his Sigil isn’t
some extremely deadly attack
like Wang’s is.
His only advantages
in this fight
are really good reflexes
and a little bit of talent
for using guns and knives.
And yet...
he just wiped out
our entire squad!
[whimpers]
[groans]
‐ Did we get all of ’em?
‐ Uh‐huh, we’re finished here.
Let’s go help Shuka.
Time for our final objective,
killing Wang.
[music stops]
‐ Where are you,
my little kitten?
I know you’re hiding
around here somewhere!
Come on out and play with me!
By the way, I’ve decided
how I’m gonna kill you!
First I’ll chop off
your arms and legs,
but I won’t let you
bleed out from that!
After I’m finished,
I’m gonna sit you down
next to your buddy Kaname,
who got the same treatment,
obviously.
And then I’ll take turns
corn‐holing the both of you
’til you finally die!
That’ll be hours of fun.
‐ You’re one sick
son of a bitch.
God must have
made you by accident.
You’re like the crap
he forgot to flush.
‐ [laughs] Ah,
there you are, kitty cat.
I did my homework
on you before you got here.
Despite being a woman,
you’ve got the nerve
to be A‐rank like me.
You fight with a pair of chains
that you control
with your Sigil.
They call you
the Undefeated Queen,
but your title’s a joke
since Kaname beat you.
Hey, once you lose to me,
we’ll have to call you
the Twice‐Defeated Queen,
won’t we?
‐ Come on.
It’s not like I’m the one
who decided
to call myself that name.
And Kaname’s special,
so I didn’t mind losing.
I’m sure my wish will come true
if I can be patient.
After all, even though
he was a total beginner,
Kaname completely dominated
during our battle.
He’s the only one
capable of that.
I knew right away that he was
the man of my dreams.
‐ I don’t want to hear about
your boyfriend, you ditzy bitch!
‐ Point is, there’s one man
good enough to beat me,
and it’s not you!
‐ That lousy Sigil ain’t gonna
save you now, sweetie pie!
I’ll slice
that pretty face to pieces!
‐ I’m sorry,
but I didn’t quite catch that.
Try to speak more clearly.
I know you’re upset,
but if you garble your words,
I can’t understand you.
‐ What the...
[gasps]
[squelch]
[screams]
What did you do to my leg,
you little cow? I’ll kill you!
‐ Oh, goodness.
You must have cut it off
with your Sigil by accident,
silly boy!
‐ No. I would never
do anything that clumsy.
I don’t know how,
but it had to be her.
Damn it!
Now I’m really gonna kill you
a thousand times over!
‐ I wish you could see
how funny you look right now.
Do you actually
expect me to be scared?
‐ Yeah, yeah, go ahead and
yuck it up, you arrogant whore.
You’re well within my range
from here.
Beelzebub allows me
to control space itself!
My Sigil is
on a completely different level
than those pathetic chains
you’re using.
First, I’ll jump
two meters above your head.
While I’m falling, I’ll find
the best opening to attack.
Then, I can strike
from behind you!
[gasps]
[screams]
How the hell?
‐ [groaning]
‐ Look at that.
I can’t believe you
just chopped off another limb.
Keep making
these careless mistakes,
and you won’t have
a leg to stand on.
‐ How do you keep doing this
to me without moving?
It doesn’t make any damn sense!
‐ Wow, there’s blood everywhere.
How much can you lose
before it kills you?
‐ Damn it.
She’s trying
to torture me to death.
I’m the one who’s
supposed to do the torturing,
not the other way around.
And she’s about to learn
that lesson the hard way.
Still, how did she do that?
I don’t understand it.
When my leg
got cut off earlier.
I was over
10 meters away from her!
Even Beelzebub’s
space‐cutting range
is only about a meter.
Does that mean this broad
has a space‐slicing ability
that’s more powerful
than mine is?
‐ Have you gotten
your tourniquet in place yet?
I mean, you’re about to lose
your other limbs,
so I guess it doesn’t matter.
‐ Up yours, you bitch!
How dare you make fun of me?
How am I supposed to stop this?
I thought
all her Sigil could do
was control
those stupid chains,
Blood?
I see.
You did it all with wires.
‐ You finally noticed?
Right before we started,
I strung up
these super‐thin wires
all over the warehouse.
Which means you did slice off
your own arm and leg
while I just stood here
and watched you!
‐ What? That can’t be!
A couple of wires
wouldn’t be strong enough
to cut through human bone!
You need to have some kind
of huge blade or saw!
‐ Oh, that’s right.
You’re the expert
on this stuff, aren’t you?
Well, you came close
to figuring it out.
My Sigil, Queen of Thorns,
allows me to control anything
with a stringlike structure.
That includes chains,
wires, thread, whatever.
And I can do more
than wave them around.
I can make them vibrate
quietly in place.
‐ What do you mean, vibrate?
[groans]
‐ Watch this.
They’re harmless right now,
but if I use my Sigil
to make them pulsate a little...
‐ Damn this girl! I had
no idea she could do this!
It’s like trying to fight
some kind of souped‐up jigsaw!
‐ Let’s see here.
What should I do with you now?
I guess I should probably
let Kaname and Ryuji
finish you off.
‐ Watch it, sweetheart!
If I use Beelzebub to leap,
I’ll be free in a second!
‐ Maybe, but that’ll
only work for you
if there aren’t any wires
where you land.
‐ [gasps] For all I know,
she’s set traps all over
the freakin’ warehouse,
and my Sigil’s
about to run out.
I shouldn’t waste any more.
Wait.
Why am I thinking
about escaping from her?
This isn’t right!
I’ve always been the hunter,
never the hunted!
I know. There’s one more
counterattack I can try.
Normally I can’t use Beelzebub
to teleport someone else,
but there’s one exception
to that rule!
‐ Yeah, I think I’d prefer
to do the honors myself.
‐ I can exchange positions
with my opponent
in the blink of an eye!
Hah! I win!
‐ [gasps]
‐ [laughs]
‐ Aw, good try.
‐ [slice]
‐ [gags]
How? What happened?
I should’ve had you!
A‐Am I dreaming this?
‐ I’ll give you points
for creativity,
but switching places with me
doesn’t really help you much
if I’m still the one who’s
controlling the wires, dummy.
And besides, I already knew
you would do that.
‐ How did you know
about the ace up my sleeve?
You’re not supposed to be able
to pull that cheap crap
in D‐Game.
‐ You think the game
is the problem here?
You really are stupid, huh?
It’s your fault
for challenging me.
‐ [groans]
Hey, come on, D‐Game admins!
Are you seeing this?
I found some kinda bug here!
Hurry up and fix it!
Answer me, you bastards!
I know you can hear me!
‐ Oh, boy, this is pathetic.
‐ [moans]
‐ You’ve always been a loser,
a fool posing as a king.
‐ How could I lose?
No. That’s impossible!
Because I’m
the main character of D‐Game!
‐ Don’t worry. I’ll be happy
to assume control of Shibuya
in your place, Your Majesty.
‐ No. Stay away.
Don’t hurt me!
Just‐‐Just leave me alone.
I’m not ready to die!
I don’t wanna die!
‐ If history’s
taught us anything,
there’s one destination
for a failed ruler
after he’s removed
from his throne.
It’s the guillotine for you!
‐ [sobbing]
‐ Queen of Thorns.
‐ Help me, please!
Hey, what the hell?
Why am I up here?!
[wails]
How did I teleport this high?
No matter how much I focus,
I can only jump 10 meters!
I have to teleport again now!
It’s the only way for me
to cancel this momentum!
Beelzebub!
[groans]
I did it.
I escaped certain death!
Yeah. I really am
the main character of D‐Ga‐‐
KANAME: You’ve lost weight.
Shoe’s on the other foot now,
isn’t it, Wang?
Do you finally understand
how your victims must have felt
when they were
on the chopping block?
[Ryuji laughs]
Man, our scary little princess
did a real number on you,
didn’t she?
I bet you’d die
if we left you here.
‐ [whimpers]
Come on! Don’t kill me!
I surrender, okay?
I admit defeat!
You guys beat the Eighth Clan
fair and square!
‐ It was an A‐ranked Clan Match!
‐ ANNOUNCER: The game is over.
‐ Your team gets
1,800 points from us!
‐ Clan Sunset Ravens wins!
‐ That should be
more than enough reward
for a battle like this!
‐ Let’s see.
I could cash that in
for 180 million yen.
Not enough.
That doesn’t even
begin to make up
for everything you and
your squad took away from us,
which is why I’m taking
everything from you.
‐ Huh?
‐ You play poker, Wang?
Do you know what "all‐in" means?
It’s a winner‐take‐all strategy.
I bet every chip I got,
which, in turn,
forces my opponent
to do the same thing.
‐ Poker? You’re crazy!
‐ In other words, if you guys
have fewer chips than we do,
that means
you’re up the creek, pal.
I’m the High Roller.
When the game begins,
I’ve got the power
to bet any amount I like
to increase my payout.
It’s the privilege
I received from a D‐Game admin.
It looks like I had 8,869 points
transferred to me for this game.
You guys had
quite a bit saved up,
but it’s still
way less than we’ve got.
Too bad. You and your clan
just lost it all.
[Inukai sighs]
So this is how it ends, huh?
‐ [laughs]
You lucked out
at the bell, Inukai.
I’m gonna find out if karate
works on demons in hell.
‐ Good job, Kaname.
You finished this after all.
‐ [gasps]
[Japanese music playing]
‐ It’s over?
This is how I go out?
But it isn’t fair. Why me?
All this time,
I was sure I was the king.
Darwin’s Game, huh?
Is this what Shinji’s
been playing?
This is great! With my power,
I can tear up my enemies
like toilet paper!
We don’t have to worry about
those pain‐in‐the‐ass cops
anymore, ’cause I
slaughtered ’em all!
This town is ours
for the taking!
‐ Wow, that’s amazing, Wang.
You’re unstoppable now!
I guess we should think of you
as the king around here.
‐ "King Wang."
I like the sound of that!
REIN: That’s why
you’re the King of Venom.
Huh? King of what now?
‐ They would imprison hundreds
of poisonous creepy‐crawlies
inside of an urn,
and eventually
the sealed creatures
would kill each other off.
As time went on,
all of the insects would die
one by one by one,
until only the strongest
contender was left alive.
‐ Yeah, I think I understand.
The strongest insect,
the King of Venom.
Better listen up, Kaname.
It’s time for the king to leave
his successor with some advice.
Just because you’ve squashed
one poisonous bug
doesn’t mean you get to relax.
No matter what, people are
gonna keep dropping like flies
everywhere you look,
because we’re all the same,
you know that?
We’re nothing but a bunch
of worthless insects
trapped in a giant urn
called Darwin’s Game,
and don’t you forget it!
[laughs]
[gunfire]
[coughs]
[gags]
[music ends]
RYUJI: Thanks for that.
I thought he’d never
stop running his mouth.
[waves lapping]
KANAME: I...
‐ Hey, looks like we
all got out alive.
Did you win, Kaname?
‐ No, I lost.
I failed to save a friend again.
‐ Yeah, but at least
our enemy’s dead.
The scumbag
who murdered your friend
and my little brother
is burning in hell.
That counts for something,
right?
KANAME: Whatever the reason,
killing is bullshit.
But letting yourself
or your friend get killed
is even worse.
And the biggest piece of shit
is the Game Master
who created this nightmare
in the first place,
which is why I’ve decided to put
an end to D‐Game for good.
And I’ll take down
anyone who gets in my way.
That’s the goal
of the Sunset Ravens,
the clan I put together.
I hope you’re prepared
to see this through with me.
SHUKA: Kaname.
Remember what I said before?
I believe that a clan
is supposed to be
just like a family.
Promise me this one thing.
I want you to swear
never to die or go away.
I don’t care if you lose
or embarrass us.
All that matters to me is
that you always come home.
I can’t bear the thought
of losing more family!
‐ Okay.
I promise that no matter
what it takes,
I won’t die.
It turns out surviving is
something I’m pretty good at,
don’t you think?
‐ Yeah, you’re right.
Well, then I promise
to stay by your side.
‐ And don’t bother asking
what my plans are,
’cause my mind’s been
made up for a long time.
‐ Same for me.
That ship’s sailed by now.
And without me around
to help guide it,
it’ll probably capsize.
SUI: I’ll do my best, too!
I mean, I’m sure I’ll end up
getting in your way, though.
‐ Well, I’m with
a different clan,
but I promise I’ll come
lend you guys a hand
whenever I’ve got time.
‐ If it’s true
every clan’s a family,
then we’re one of those
dysfunctional ones
that always has
awkward get‐togethers.
REIN: Just because
we’re not blood‐related
doesn’t mean
that we don’t have
a special bond
that connects all of us.
‐ Oh, no! Don’t say that, Rein!
It makes us sound
like a mafia group!
‐ True, but I don’t mind it
all that much.
‐ [giggles]
Let’s get going, Kaname.
If we’re a family,
then we need a home, don’t we?
‐ We sure do,
and we’ve made bank,
so let’s seize a place
with a huge yard.
[birds chirping]
OBORO: Wow.
Kaname’s clan won
with no casualties.
He’s so incredible.
Be still, my heart.
[buzzing]
Hey, what can I do for you?
GAME MASTER: Oboro,
can you talk for a moment?
‐ Certainly.
I just finished a job,
so I’m all yours.
How can I be of service
to you today, Mr. Game Master?
‐ There’s been
a big development in the game.
Can you guess who it involves?
‐ Ooh, I know! Is it Kaname?
‐ Nothing gets past you.
I’m putting him
under special observation,
so I’ll need you
to stay away from him.
‐ [sighs] You’re no fun at all!
Does that mean
he’s gonna replace Wang, then?
‐ Oh, no, not exactly.
My original reason
for observing Wang so closely
was because I had predicted
he would eventually
be the eye of the storm.
And then, just as I intended,
the game was made
even more interesting,
because the mighty Kaname Sudo
entered the scene.
In other words, Darwin’s Game
is about to advance
to the next stage,
which means that you’ll have
a much more important role
to play soon.
‐ [Japanese music playing]
‐ MAN: Hurry up!
The early bird gets the worm!
WOMAN: I know. I know.
All right, I set a clan flag.
MAN: Those Eighth Clan pricks
are finally out of the picture,
so if we’re quick,
maybe we can claim
this territory for ourselves.
‐ [gasps]
Someone’s got eyes on us.
‐ But how can there be a sniper?
This is the tallest building
in the area!
‐ Keep your damn voice down.
‐ Point five
has been dealt with.
We’re lucky
to be up against a clan
who’s stupid enough
to place their flag on a roof.
I’m returning to my lookout
duties now. Over.
[Ryuji laughs]
Man, this is so awesome!
With the conceal function,
I can really let loose
on these punks!
‐ [gasps]
‐ Sorry, but these
are the consequences.
Didn’t I warn you guys
that playing D‐Game wasn’t
allowed in our territory?
‐ What’s wrong with you freaks?
You’re stuck in the game
the same as we are!
‐ Look, this’ll be easier
if you just tell me
what you came for. Spill!
SUI: Wait, Ryuji!
We have a rule about this!
No killing
unless we have to, right?
‐ Of course I remember.
Just calm down.
If you’ll notice,
I haven’t killed anybody.
‐ Uh‐oh.
‐ [moaning]
‐ Um, are you still alive?
‐ Yes, we’re all alive.
Please let us go now!
‐ Oh, I’m so relieved!
I was afraid Sota
got carried away.
‐ Crap!
We just can’t outrun her!
We’re gonna
have to take her out!
[gags]
‐ How ’bout this?
‐ [grunts]
[gasps]
[woman gags]
‐ [sighs]
I’m done with my part too,
Kaname.
It was so easy.
It kinda bummed me out.
‐ You didn’t wipe all
of them out, did you, Shuka?
‐ What? No, of course not.
Let me see.
Oh, there’s one left.
‐ Copy that. It’s almost dawn,
so let’s meet at point one.
‐ On my way!
‐ And that’s a wrap.
Just so we’re clear,
you do understand
why I didn’t kill you,
don’t you?
‐ No, I don’t get it at all!
What is your problem?
Why leave me alive
when you butchered the rest?
‐ Because I want you to go tell
every single person you can
that D‐Game
is strictly prohibited
within Sunset Ravens territory.
‐ It’s strictly prohibited?
What are you,
some kind of watchdog?
‐ Watchdog? I’d prefer you
to think of me as a raven.
They’re tough, aggressive birds,
clever to the point
of being sneaky.
They hold grudges for life,
but they’re also compassionate.
Wherever you see this mark,
D‐Game is outlawed.
That’s the decision
enforced by Sunset Ravens.
‐ Sunset Ravens?
KOTORI: Wow,
that was a ballsy move.
A single clan
is imposing a ban on D‐Game?
Kaname’s more of a heavyweight
than I took him for.
I guess it’s
only a matter of time
before the matchmaking function
in the app stops working.
Yikes. That probably
means all of Kanto.
This is huge!
All right, what are you
gonna do now, Kotori?
[song continues]
[birds chirping]
‐ Damn it, Game Master,
where did you set it this time?
I swear, one day,
I’m gonna teach you a lesson.